We've made it to the
end of this section.
Great work!
Let's recap what
you've just completed.
In this section, you learned
about the Linux
operating system.
We examined the
architecture of Linux.
In our exploration of
the different
distributions of Linux, we
discussed some of the most
widely used distros in security.
You were introduced to
KALI LINUX™, Ubuntu,
Parrot, Red Hat, and
CentOS distributions.
Finally, you learned
about the shell and
its role as an interpreter
between the user and
operating system.
Congratulations! You're doing
great, and we have more
useful topics to come.
In the next part of the program,
you'll learn specific
commands to use within
the shell while working as
a security analyst.
Let's continue on.